Project Retrospective - P1
Provide answers to the following questions. Be sure to answer the questions completely and explain your logic.

How many extra days did you use for the project?
Answer: I finished this project before the original due date.

Given the same goals, how would you complete the project differently if you didn’t have any restrictions imposed by the instructor? This could involve using a particular library, programming language, etc. Be sure to provide sufficient detail to justify your response.
Answer: If I got permission to implement this project without any restrictions, I would implement it in Java for sure since I never used Go before and I was using vim to write this project. It's painful! However, while after implementing this project, now I realized Go has some special features. For example, go has really less runtime error since it forces us to do a lot of error handling. 

Let’s imagine that your next project was to improve and extend P1. What are the features/functionality you would add, use cases you would support, etc? Are there any weaknesses in your current implementation that you would like to improve upon? This should include at least three areas you would improve/extend.
Answer: I would like to improve my P1 in three areas. First of all, I want to change the "Get(upload)" algorithm. I hope that one thread can be used for requesting multiple chunks but not only one chunk.For example, if a storage has multiple chunks of a file, the client is able to request these chunks by only using one thread. Secondly, I would like to improve the algorithm of deleting files. Now my algorithm is when a controller receives a delete file request, it will send out delete requests to each activated storage node regardless if a node stores any chunks of this file or not. I think if controller only sends delete requests to those nodes that store chunks of the file will make more sence. Last, I didn't store directories as files. In Linux, everything is file including directories. I didn't implement this in my project.

Give a rough estimate of how long you spent completing this assignment. Additionally, what part of the assignment took the most time?
Answer: It took me around 60 hours to finish this project. In my opinion, I think the most challenging part of this project is the "retrieving file in parallel" feature. Before actually implementing, I thought I just need to add "go" to create multi-thread. However, It took me a few hours to do research and figure out how to implemnt it.

What did you learn from completing this project? Is there anything you would change about the project?
Answer: Firstly, I learned how to implement a big project by using a new language. It's challenging but fun! Secondly, I learned a lot about "path". Before, when I saw anything related to path, I felt a headache just like anyone asking me something about direction/road.

If you worked as a group, how did you divide the workload? What went well with your team, and what did not go well?
Answer: I finished  this project without any teammates.
